floor solid solid solid solid floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor solid solid solid solid floor
floor solid bara_b floor solid solid floor floor floor floor floor floor floor solid solid floor floor solid floor
floor solid gboot floor floor solid solid floor floor floor floor floor solid solid water floor chip solid floor
floor solid floor floor floor fire solid solid solid solid solid solid solid water water floor floor solid floor
floor solid solid fire floor floor floor solid solid pad solid solid water water water water solid solid floor
floor floor solid solid floor fire floor floor stain floor stain floor water water water solid solid floor floor
floor floor floor solid solid floor floor floor floor stain floor floor water water solid solid floor floor floor
floor floor floor floor solid solid fire floor floor floor floor floor floor solid solid floor floor floor floor
floor floor floor floor floor solid solid floor floor floor floor floor solid solid floor floor floor floor floor
floor solid solid solid solid solid solid floor floor floor floor floor solid solid solid solid solid solid floor
solid floor bara floor solid floor red_d floor floor player floor dirt water floor floor acc_ri floor red_k solid
solid chip solid floor gc_sol floor solid floor floor floor floor floor solid floor floor acc_le floor chip solid
floor solid solid solid solid solid solid floor floor floor floor floor solid solid solid solid solid solid floor
floor floor floor floor solid solid water floor floor info floor floor floor solid solid floor floor floor floor
floor floor floor solid solid floor floor floor floor solid floor floor floor floor solid solid floor floor floor
floor floor solid solid floor water floor water solid solid solid floor floor enemy floor solid solid floor floor
floor solid solid water floor floor floor solid solid floor solid solid floor floor floor floor solid solid floor
floor solid chip floor floor water solid solid floor floor floor solid solid floor floor floor floor solid floor
floor solid wboot floor water solid solid floor floor floor floor floor solid solid floor floor g_butt solid floor
floor solid solid solid solid solid floor floor floor floor floor floor floor solid solid solid solid solid floor
floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor floor